Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
- Hi. Mom.
- We're here.
I'm here now. All right?
I did talk to them.
but they don't listen.
Ahmed is fine.
I'm fine. Mom.
I thought we were going
to speak English to him.
Only English. we said.
So that we can get better at it.
Oh. hey.
What is it. Ahmed?
Can I do the back?
Okay. but quickly
because I have to go.
Hurry. Okay.
Okay. okay. that's good.
Thank you.
Something for you.
What is it?
Open it. Yes.
I love you. Come here.
Thank you.
Okay. Go draw now.
like your mother said.
Okay.
That was a nice thing you did.
Oh. here.
Give this to Bashir.
That's all I have for now.
Hassan.
I don't give a shit.
What is that? Hmm?
It's you. at work.
Okay.
Okay. go. go. Go in and pray.
What about you?
You go. You go do it for me.
- Sir.
- Later.
Ahh. I should
have said 'instead'.
'Instead of me'.
That's better English.
That's my boy.
Hey. Grace. what's going on?
The rain. Everything's delayed.
Oh. no.
Are they cancelling flights?
What do you think?
Here. you want one?
They're Fatima's.
Thanks.
Grace. um...
If I could. um...
If you had. like. $100 or $200.
I'll get it back to you
with interest. I promise.
Oh. Hassan.
how are you gonna pay me? How?
You-- You can't promise that.
Look. you can always come back
to driving for me if you want.
Sell me your franchise.
I'll give you a fair price.
What's fair?
Hmm. I have to think about it.
I could put you
back on a salary.
let you choose your own hours.
It's not so bad. is it?
And you get to see
your kid and wife more. too.
I'm not selling.
Your funeral.
Man Outbound flight
American 5280 571 1049.
as well as Delta 1211 696 720.
Delta 452.
and Atlantic flight 353
are all cancelled due to
the weather.
Excuse me.
Attention passengers...
...delayed due to the weather.
Hey. Hassan.
You feeling all right?
Yeah. well. I'm all right.
Here.
- What is this?
- From Canada.
Military stuff.
It's like heavy duty No-Doz.
What are these?
Like. Modafinil? Adderall?
Not more than half a pill.
Careful. They'll make you...
What?
Just don't overdo it.
that's all.
Oh. and. uh. get someone
else to pee in a cup.
Man
Attention passengers.
all new flights inbound
to MSP Minneapolis-Saint Paul
are currently delayed
due to the weather.
Hey.
Open the window?
Wait. hold on.
hold on. hold on.
- Can you give me a ride?
- Hold on. hold on. hold on.
Can you give me a ride?
Can't you see?
Okay. well. you're just easier.
You're at the end. Please.
I got cash.
So. what are we doing?
- Get in.
- Yes.
Come on.
Okay.
Thanks.
Hey!
What are you doing?!
You're not supposed
to cut the line.
- Okay. okay. okay.
- Pinche pendejo!
Hey! What the fuck. man?!
What the fuck?!
Where are we going?
Uh. one sec.
Where am I taking you?
Ah. shit.
Come on. fuck.
- Where do you need to go?
- One second. please.
- Come on.
- I'm just... trying to...
Sorry.
I need to know where I'm going.
Okay.
Uh. here's the thing.
I need to get to Ukiah
as soon as possible.
They canceled my flight
to San Francisco.
- Where's Ukiah?
- It's in California.
It's a--
it's a family emergency.
Don't worry. I would have to
transfer a bunch of times.
I just need you
to get me to Chicago.
Chicago?
There's flights leaving
O'Hare tomorrow at noon.
Chicago is six hours away.
I know.
I think if I can just--
You didn't say anything
about Chicago before.
I didn't know.
I didn't know about the flights.
I just looked
at the website. Here.
What?
Okay.
Hold on.
I get that it's a long way.
No. no. it's okay.
You can give me $20
for the ride here. That's fine.
- No. no. no. no. no.
- No. that's fair.
Here. I have $300.
$300.
Listen. there are restrictions
about how far I can take you.
Okay. well.
I need to get to Chicago.
I can pay cash. I can do
whatever to make it...
Listen to me a minute. okay?
$300 for six
hours of work. come on.
- 12 hours!
- What?
I will still have to
drive back to Minneapolis.
Still. that's like 25.
30 bucks an hour or whatever.
Well. I'm sorry.
I can't help you.
Okay. fine.
Four hundred. $400.
Six hundred.
Six hundred?
That's...
That's like twice as much as
what I originally offered.
I know how much it is.
Okay. fine. Six hundred.
Six hundred in cash. and you
will still have to pay for gas.
- Yeah?
- Gas?
Fuck.
Okay. I'll pay for the gas
when we get there.
It's all there. Please.
I'm in a rush. please.
Ah...
Oh. Okay.
Where's your luggage?
- I don't have any.
- You don't have any bags?
I don't have any bags.
I told you.
it's a last minute thing.
What was that?
Vehicle locator system.
dispatch computer.
They can't see us now.
Look. I don't want to
report him or anything.
but there's
just rules. you know?
Why are you calling me?
I just said to him--
You've made your point. Grace.
He needs to be careful
about stuff like this.
Yes. fine. Okay.
Look. I'm in the middle
of a shift right now.
I need to go.
It's too busy; I can't be
on the phone right now.
Hold on. hold on.
You have something
you want to say to Hassan?
Say it to him. Don't call me.
He wanted to borrow money.
I said to him. if he wants to
sell the franchise to me--
Bitch.
Put your seatbelt on. please.
I need you to
put your seatbelt on.
- Yes. I heard you.
- So. put it on.
I'm-- I'm booking my flight.
Every passenger has
to have their seatbelt on.
No exception. See the sign?
Yes. I saw the sign.
I can read. I heard you.
Don't talk to me
like I'm an idiot.
Oh. okay. fine.
Seatbelt on...
There. Happy?
I just don't get it.
No one's even gonna see me.
I'm sorry.
My mom's in the hospital.
She's sick.
No. actually. she's in the place
that you go after the hospital.
the...
hospice.
I was supposed to go
and see her.
and... I kept putting it off
and putting it off.
She's not getting any better.
So. I-I should...
I should be with
her because I just--
I want to... be able to...
say goodbye before she...
I'm sorry.
I'll keep
my seatbelt on. okay?
Yeah.
Oh...
Everything okay?
Yes. I'm fine.
I'm sorry. Can we just not
have any music on. please?
You don't like this song?
No. no. I-I...
I just don't want any music on.
at all. thank you.
Driving for six hours
and no music.
I'm Lloyd. by the way.
Hassan.
- Hassan?
- Yes.
Cool.
Is that...?
What is that?
That's my name.
Yeah. I mean. but...
Is it. um...?
What's the...?
The...
Where's it from?
I'm from here.
from Minneapolis.
No. Okay. but...
what language
were you speaking?
On the phone. I mean.
Somali.
Somali? Really?
Yes. really.
Huh.
That's funny.
You don't really look Somali.
I don't?
I mean. no.
I mean. I'm just saying.
Tell me. I don't know what are
Somalis supposed to look like.
I don't know. I don't know.
There are
18 million people in Somalia.
We don't all look the same.
Okay.
I'm going to smoke.
Is that all right?
You're gonna what?
I'm not supposed to smoke.
but you're not
supposed to be here.
And since we'll both
be here for a while.
you okay if I smoke?
Going to be a problem?
Uh...
No.
It's fine.
Hey. that whole
Blackhawk Down thing.
like the civil war.
were you there for that?
Is that why you left?
There does not need
to be a civil war
for someone to move
to another country.
Well. yeah.
but there was a war. so...
Do you ever think
about going back?
Back where?
Back to Somalia. I mean.
- Are you fucking kidding me?
- Yeah. I'm serious.
Do you ever think about it?
Have you met anyone
who wants to move to Somalia?
Well. no. but I'm sure
that there's plenty
of people that would--
that would want to go.
Oh. yeah?
Tell me their names.
Anyone in your
family still there?
Hey!
What are you doing?!
Shotgun.
Why are you climbing
around like that?
Oh. I get car sick.
so I have to see the road.
And I paid $600 for a ticket.
so I should be able
to sit where I want.
What are you doing?
I can't be seen
with a passenger. Okay?
I need you to
understand something.
No. no. We--
we need to keep moving.
You are not supposed to be here.
Legally. my license
does not allow me to take
a passenger more than 20 miles
outside of the city limit.
My flight. my mom--
Listen to me. I pay $900 a month
to lease this van. okay?
Okay. but can we
just talk about--
$900 for the van.
$375 a month for
the commuter system.
$150 a month
for the insurance.
- Okay. okay. Just-- just...
- Okay?
I pay for gas.
and I pay for maintenance.
and I pay 15% of interest
on $33.000 loan
for the franchise fee.
- Okay. okay.
- Decals. licensing.
driver training. security
deposit. I pay for all this.
And I pay 2%
of monthly interest
on what I owe
if I fall behind.
So if we get pulled over.
I will lose it all.
- Okay.
- So. stay in your seat!
You don't need
to talk to me like that.
- What?
- I heard what you said. okay?
We all have problems. You don't
need to be an asshole about it.
What are you doing?
I'm turning
around at this next exit.
No. come on. We had a deal.
Not anymore.
Fuck.
Hey!
I'm sorry.
I told you. I get--
I get carsick easy.
Oh...
Oh. fuck.
Come on. get out.
- Oh. fuck.
- There's a cleaning fee.
and I am charging you
for this.
Okay. I-I better wash this off.
Yeah. you do that
and come back to clean it.
Wait. Why?
- What do you mean. why?
- Well. didn't you just say
that there's a cleaning fee?
That means that you're
the one that cleans it. right?
Here. take it from this.
The rain is gonna
wash it off anyway.
Reporter
There are a number of police
and emergency vehicles.
The area has been sealed off.
and I can confirm that
a full evacuation
of the airport
is currently underway.
I spoke to several
eyewitnesses who either saw
or heard the explosion
when it happened.
They told me it came from
outside one of the terminals.
No official statement
from law enforcement...
...as to precisely
what caused the blast.
Police are treating this
as a crime scene.
a possible bombing
or some other form of attack.
- When did this happen?
- Even at this late hour...
Don't know. this just started.
...the airport was
still quite crowded.
Wait. Were-- were you there?
Your jacket says
"airport shuttle."
No. no.
Did you see what happened?
I've been on the road;
I didn't see anything.
They're saying
it's an explosion.
What?
An explosion right outside
one of the terminals.
- No. I didn't hear--
- Listen.
...confirmed that at least five
people were killed
in the explosion.
We understand that several
others
are currently being treated
at local hospitals.
You used the word
'attack' moments ago.
What are police saying
about the...
You really
didn't see anything
when you were there or...?
No. no.
I mean. I have no idea
why it's happening.
They said 'attack'.
There is
a lot of security...
Okay.
They're calling it an attack.
- You understand?
- Look. miss. I don't know
what you're asking me and why
you're looking at me like that.
You drive an airport van.
You were at the airport.
- What are you saying?
- I don't know what you--
You don't need to talk to him
like that. okay? Just relax.
- No. it's okay.
- No. No. Hassan. it's not okay.
Hassan!
Oh. okay.
All right. what's your problem?
What is my problem?
That's my problem. And him.
The minute we started
letting people
like him come here.
all of the Hassans
and Mohammeds.
I knew. I knew...
People like him?
Are you serious?
...I knew it was
only a matter of time.
Now. look.
look at what they've done!
What? You actually think that?
- You actually believe that?
- I don't have to believe shit.
They didn't say anyone did it.
It was there.
it's right there.
- Look. let's all just--
- And what? Let her talk this
fucking racist ignorant
bullshit? Fuck you too. then.
We let terrorists into this
country with open arms.
Terrorists.
This is the kind
of shit they do.
- You don't know him!
- This is how they repay us!
- You think I don't know
what you want.
what you all really want?
You think we're just
gonna sit here
and let you do this
to our way of life?
You're--
you're a racist asshole.
Shut up!
You're a fucking racist bitch.
Fuck you!
- Hey! Hey...
- Fuck you!
What the fuck
is wrong with you?!
...I'm calling the police. okay?
I'm calling the police.
Fuck you!
Get off of me!
- Get in the van!
- Fucking let go of me!
What are you running from?!
Answer me that. motherfucker!
You fucking racist cunt!
What? What?!
She-- She fucking
attacked me. all right?
You were screaming at her.
calling her terrible things.
Well. you think
it's all right?
You think it's all right to let
people just say that kind of
ignorant bullshit to your face?
The man there
called the police.
They were security cameras.
She took a picture
of the van. the license plate.
- Okay.
- And phone number.
Okay. Who fucking cares?
Hassan. you didn't
do anything wrong.
I have.
I'm driving you.
I'm driving you illegally
out of my official zone.
with my locator turned off.
against the terms
of the franchise contract.
No. they could
revoke my license.
They could impound my van!
I could get deported!
- Okay.
- My family. too.
She had no right
to say that shit to you.
- Shut up.
- No. No right.
and I'm not just gonna stand by.
No right whatsoever.
Shut up! I'm trying to
figure out what's going on.
The Department
of Homeland Security. FBI.
and city police officials
have issued a joint statement
ahead of the upcoming--
Five fatalities and at least 19
injured in the blast.
Some eyewitnesses say...
We have to go back.
No. look. I...
We have to turn around.
No. I really don't think
that's a good idea.
Shut up with
your goddamn ideas!
I'm sorry. I'm--
I'm sorry
I yelled at that woman. Okay?
- It doesn't matter.
- It's not right.
I swear I'm not trying to get
you into any kind of trouble.
I promise I'm not.
But it's not right.
It's not okay to let her say
that kind of shit to your face.
And if you're worried for
what the police might do.
there's gonna be a lot of police
at the airport.
There's gonna be police. guns.
a lot of people
on high alert.
And-- And that lady?
Okay? Hello?
If we pull up and she
called the cops. then...
I'm not trying
to scare you. but...
I think we're better off--
no. safer
continuing to Chicago.
My family.
My family...
You can try and call them.
You can try and call them
when we have cell service. okay?
They're gonna be relieved we're
not at the airport. All right?
You're safe.
Okay?
Reporter I'm hearing
now that law enforcement
is characterizing this incident
as a terrorist attack.
We have yet
to receive details
as to the possible motivation
or who might be responsible.
Have any arrests
been made at this time?
We have not heard
any reports of an arrest.
And no information
about a suspect
or suspects
has been released
to the public at this time.
People here
are understandably
quite shocked
with what's happened.
Just moments ago.
I spoke to several people
who were in the baggage claim
when it happened.
they heard the explosion
happen just outside.
Now. they were
describing the confusion...
Yeah?
Okay.
Who drew these?
My son. his gifts to me.
That's nice.
He's only a boy.
and I think to myself.
what if someone like that woman
sees him and thinks something?
No. she's a racist asshole.
She shouldn't
have said any of that.
You had me
cleaning up your vomit?
Wait. I-I paid you.
I didn't take your money.
Okay.
I'll take you to Chicago.
you'll get on your flight.
and you go do whatever
you're going to do in 'Ikea'.
Ukiah.
And I'm going to say
goodbye to my mother.
And that's good
you're rich enough to do that.
My father passed away
last year.
I couldn't afford
to fly there.
I'm sorry.
My mom and I...
we were...
Things were bad
between us for a while.
I had to get out of there.
That was her idea. Bullshit.
Is someone out there with her?
Your father. maybe?
My dad...
- What?
- Nothing.
My dad. he's not really around
anymore.
Just his money.
It's fine.
It is what it is.
Whoa.
It's hailing.
Hope it doesn't dent
your van.
Look at this.
This is amazing.
Look. They're like...
perfect little
minuscule ping pong balls...
or like molecules.
Oh my God.
Oh. I still have
some on my sleeve.
- Ugh.
- It's a little. It's fine.
- It's not that bad.
- It's not okay.
- I can smell it.
- No. you can't.
- Lloyd. I can smell it.
- If you're smelling like...
...stupid.
Just breathe normal.
and then you can't.
I'm not sniffing like...
...like that. I mean...
- You must be.
- Listen. I can smell it.
You need something else
to wear.
Here.
I've got something for you.
No. What is...? No.
- Here.
- No. I don't want to
wear your--
I'm not wearing your clothes.
Well. I'm not smelling
your vomit for three hours.
Great.
because you can't smell it.
Why won't you change your--
Don't touch-- get--
- Don't touch--
- What is this?
Stop! Stop!
Stop!
You idiot.
I told you not to touch me!
Don't!
Keep your hands
on the fucking wheel.
- What is that?
- If you try anything.
if you try to run. this blast
will go through you. me.
the van. everything
for 20 yards. gone.
You understand?
Now-- Now drive.
Don't fucking look at me!
What happened
at the airport. Lloyd?
Don't worry about it.
I'm not gonna do
anything to you. okay?
I'm not gonna do anything.
unless you force me to.
All right? I'm not gonna
do anything to anyone.
I just wanna... get home.
I just wanna go home.
Fuck.
Is your mom
really in the hospital?
Yes. I told you.
she's in the hospice.
Okay?
And I'm really
going to see her.
Then. you can have
your $600 back.
You can keep my van.
Yeah. just keep it.
I'm not going
to tell anyone. okay?
- I promise you.
- Yeah. right.
- Just let me--
- I can't let you do that.
You're gonna go
straight to the cops.
I swear I won't.
No. just-- just drive.
You're taking me to Chicago.
- Please.
- You're taking me to Chicago.
and I'm paying you for your
time. that's what we agreed on.
You know why I did it. right?
Do you understand what's
happening in this country?
All right. let me tell you.
This is a war. okay?
This is a war that--
it's unlike any other war.
You can't-- you can't see it
with your eyes.
This is a war for our survival
against a globalist elite
that takes everything
for themselves.
they oppress everyone.
and they silence everyone.
and then everyone acts like
it's not even happening.
Okay?
Exactly. Yeah. that's the
reaction. that's the problem.
I couldn't just
sit back like that
and like everyone and-- and
act like nothing's happening.
How can anyone see all of this
and pretend that it's
just fucking normal
and not do anything?!
You. you of all people
should understand this!
I don't-- I don't get it.
You-- You said about
the van. your debts.
your family.
you're fucking struggling.
It's not just for no reason.
It's-- it's-- it's--
it's made like that. the system
is fucking made like that.
I tried to do something good.
Do you understand that?
- People are dead.
- That's the point.
Okay? Something radical
has to happen.
You have to get angry.
You need to get fucking angry!
Five people are dead.
That doesn't matter to you?
Five people.
It's five fucking people!
Out of thousands. millions!
Every fucking day!
What's gonna happen when
we get to O'Hare. Lloyd?
Nothing's gonna happen.
- Nothing.
- Then. why do you have that on?
Why do you have that
strapped on your body?
Don't fucking touch me again!
You're going to
kill more people?
Nothing's gonna happen.
I promise.
Now. just drive.
Stop asking questions
and drive.
Ahh!
What the fuck?
Aah!
Hey.
Fuck! Fuck.
Hassan!
Dispatch. we have
a suspicious van here
on the side of the road -
Minnesota plates.
Lima. Victor. Hotel. 935.
Over.
Roger...
Hello?
Is everything
all right?
Hello?
Is anyone there?
Hey!
Wait! Please. help me.
Help me.
That's far enough!
I need help to get out of here.
- Listen to me. please.
- Stop right there.
Listen to me.
There's a man here somewhere.
That's far enough.
Get down on the ground.
- Please help.
- Hands on your head.
Help me. please.
Help me out of here.
- Don't move.
- Oh!
Oh. no! Oh. no. no. no!
Get up.
Get up!
Drag his body
into the bushes now.
Hurry up!
I can go to the cops.
I can tell them you did this
to me. that you beat me.
you took my money. you took me
halfway across the state.
and made me wear
this fucking vest.
Drop him. Drop him
and get back in the van.
Now.
And there's a dozen witnesses
back there at the airport.
They saw us leave. They'll
believe anything I say. too.
And maybe I don't go
to the fucking cops.
Maybe I just leave you
on the side of the road
with a fucking
bullet in your head.
I don't want to do that.
but it's up to you.
Keys.
I'm not asking!
In the van now.
If you try anything.
I'll kill you.
Ahh...
Fuck.
Okay.
Where's that fucking shirt?
You have to do your own
research. education.
You know. it's-- it's all just
deep state propaganda.
just lies on top of lies.
And you know.
I was-- I was excited to go to
college and all that shit.
until I realized that every
single fucking person
in the class is just
an automaton.
They just go there
and just accept
whatever kind of
fucking garbage nonsense
that they load into their
minuscule fucking brains.
Every single person
in that class.
including the professor -
can you believe it? -
just accepted whatever kind of
fucking knowledge
was provided to them.
whatever they were told was
the fundamental kind of truth.
And what kind of
agenda lies behind this?
Why don't they teach us
the things that we really
fucking need to know?
You know.
I feel like real education
really just stops
after grade six.
Everything after that
is just indoctrination.
fucking brainwash bullshit.
We're just taught to recite.
We're just taught to remember.
Everything that I fucking
remembered in college.
I've already forgot.
I never use that shit.
You know. that's when I
realized I just need to leave.
I need to get the
fuck out of here.
because I'm seeing something
that these other
people aren't seeing.
Do you understand?
Do you get what I'm saying?
See. this is the fucking look.
this-- this fluoride stare
that I fucking get
from every single person when
I express my ideas. my truth.
This is...
Ah. fuck!
You broke my nose.
you know that. right?
You fucking broke my nose.
How am I gonna
explain that to my mom?
You know. my-- my dad.
my fucking dad
told me that he's going to cut
me out of his life.
So I said. "Fuck you.
I don't need you.
"I'm going to fucking
cut you out of my life."
I felt like I was always
doing something wrong.
Like he was trying
to make me exactly like him.
and if I wasn't that.
then he was gonna be completely
fucking disappointed in me
if I-- if I couldn't be the
absolute failure of a man
that he fucking was.
That's when I realized.
you know.
I have enough awareness
to just get on with
the world without that shit.
I've got the gun.
Stay in the van.
You have reached the
Evergreen Health Center.
If you know your party's
extension.
please enter it now.
Hello?
Hi. Mom.
Yes?
Hey. How are you?
I'm calling to see...
How are you feeling?
One of the nurses. she came
and she wouldn't let me...
What?
I can't have my glass
of wine anymore
because I keep falling.
The nurse.
she said I-I...
What? What did she say. Mom?
What did the nurse say?
I-I can't recall.
Well. try.
Try to remember.
I am trying.
It was just earlier today.
- Okay. Mom. I'm calling...
- I-I can't recall.
...to just see how you are
and. uh.
see how you're feeling.
Okay? And-- and-- and...
I wanted to tell you
that I'm trying to see you.
I'll try to come see you.
but I'm-- I'm not sure--
Who is this?
Who are you?
What?
Fuck.
Now. you watch
your mouth. mister.
I won't have that language.
I'm sorry. Mom.
I'm sorry.
I'll try and
call you back later. okay?
Mom?
Come on.
Shit. it's cold.
Well...
I was thinking about it.
and I wanted to tell you.
that guy back there...
I didn't want to do that.
That's not me.
I didn't mean to do that.
I just want you
to know that. okay?
Do you understand?
Fucking...
...gun in my ass.
Now. I got snacks.
Here.
Drink?
Fuck it.
What did I ever do to you?
Huh?
Do you think I deserve this?
Do you think my family
deserve this? My wife?
My son--
my six year old son?!
Huh?
Think about this.
soon. you'll be driving home
with $600 in your pocket.
That's what you wanted. right?
I'm your prisoner.
You're not a prisoner.
Then. why don't
you let me go?!
You know...
...more people are gonna die
on these roads today
than at the airport -
car crashes.
drunk drivers. whatever.
You think about that?
It's not the same.
No. you're right.
it's not the same.
Those deaths serve no purpose.
But this. this is a war.
okay?
Wake up!
Fuck.
Do you want some?
Okay. Fine.
There's not much left anyway.
If an IED goes off in Iraq
or in Afghanistan.
nobody even reads about it.
Do you know
how much that happens?
No one fucking bats an eye.
Five people dead in
America's Heartland
will go so much further
to-- to-- to--
to dismantle the kind of
systematic injustice
that prevents people
like you...
You really
believe this. don't you?
No. No. I don't--
I don't believe in it. okay?
It's not the Tooth Fairy.
It's not something like
the Easter Bunny. okay?
It's not something
that you believe in. okay?
It's a fact!
What kind of rational person
actually believes America
is a force for good?
America is the--
is the issue.
I don't care
about any of that. Lloyd.
I don't care. Please!
Have you ever shed a tear for
anyone in the Middle East?
Really.
Where's your--
where's this outrage
for them or
the people in Somalia?
You haven't said
one thing about that.
I-- I want people to
actually pay attention.
If that means that people have
to die or people get hurt...
And those people
at the airport
I don't know why
you're mourning their deaths.
You wouldn't have
even known they existed
if they weren't on the news.
- And that man?
- The park ranger.
You mean. the one that
pulled the gun on you
because of the
color of your skin.
He probably would've killed
you. if it weren't for me.
You're welcome.
I am begging you.
please stop the van
and let me out here. Okay?
Where am I going to go to?
There is no police around.
There's nobody. Even if
I wanted to. I couldn't.
Stop the van?
Just stop the van?
Fucking serious.
We have an update
on the bombing at MSP.
Federal law enforcement
officials have released
a statement identifying
Minneapolis resident
Hassan Al-Alousi as
a possible person of interest
in tonight's attacks.
Al-Alousi.
an airport shuttle driver.
is wanted for questioning
in relation to the explosion
at Minneapolis-St. Paul
International just hours ago.
Law enforcement has released
this footage of Al-Alousi.
taken from nearby
security...
At this time.
law enforcement
has declined to say
definitively--
Come on.
let's get back to work.
We're not gonna
be here all night.
Let's go. Come.
There are security cameras at
the airport and gas station.
Some of them might have
face recognition software.
They'll be looking for you.
And you.
How old are you. Lloyd?
Doesn't matter.
No. it does.
I'm 27.
I started medical school
in Mogadishu at 22.
Everyone.
all my professors said.
I had a great
future ahead of me. Indeed.
we were going to revolutionize
healthcare in Somalia.
But then...
the war changed all that.
changed everything.
So. I know what it's like
to be angry at the world.
But not like you.
So. what happened
then. Lloyd?
- Huh?
- Nothing.
That's it.
Nothing happened.
My life's just bullshit.
This is the only thing
that matters.
that actually matters.
- That's not true.
- Well. how would you know?
I'm telling you.
It...
I don't know
how to explain it.
It's like a light
just turned on.
and I finally...
I understood.
All the shit with my family.
trying to finish school.
Working so. so hard.
for what?
For nothing.
And I thought
that was my fault.
No. it's not my fault.
It's the world's fault.
Then...
Then I felt it.
Every...
Every atom in my body.
I finally understood.
I felt...
alive. full of purpose.
like nothing was ever
gonna be as important as this.
Nothing--
Not even listening.
Let me ask you. are you proud?
Please.
No.
Are you proud of what you did?
It's not about pride;
it's about justice.
That's not an answer.
Okay. I am proud. I am.
No. are you proud
of what you are doing to me?
Hmm?
I'm just a guy driving a van.
I'm not the enemy.
Those people at the airport
are not the enemy.
So. what? What?
You think I have
to feel sorry for them?
You think I have to feel sorry
for them or I must be crazy?
- Yes. Yes. I do!
- Then you're a fucking idiot.
The truth is. it was supposed
to go off inside the terminal.
The first device
at the check-in desk upstairs.
And I was going
to wait at the exit.
waiting for everyone running
away from the explosion.
so I could...
I was ready. I was ready.
I had everything ready.
the video. the manifesto.
I was ready to show the world
what they really need to see.
And if I feel
sorry for anything.
it's that I fucking panicked.
And the video on my phone.
I never posted it.
I never even
got inside the terminal.
I panicked. I threw the first
bomb in the trash and...
I don't know. I thought
somebody saw me.
so I bailed.
And I must've armed it before
I threw it in the trash.
I-I don't...
I don't fucking know.
I don't remember.
Because I thought
it would be clear.
I thought things
would make sense.
but they didn't. not at all.
and they still don't.
And I know exactly what
they're gonna say about me.
It's always the same shit.
"He was a loser.
he was delusional.
"a fucking psycho.
"a crazy... fucking idiot."
I'm a fucking coward!
You could still
see your mother again.
still talk to her again.
All you have
to do is stop the van.
No. You don't understand.
There's no point.
Here.
Go on. call her.
Tell her you're coming home.
Tell her you're
coming home to see her.
I tried. I tried!
Okay? I tried.
She doesn't even know my name.
She doesn't
know who I am anymore.
I just need to get to Chicago.
and then I'll get
the fuck out of your life.
You don't need to
hear my voice again.
You don't need to hear
anything about me. It's over.
No.
It's just a few more hours.
You really don't get it.
do you?
My life is gone now!
My job. my van.
my family...
everything.
You really think I can
still go back to all that
after what you've done?
You think they're
just going to forgive me
for transporting a terrorist?
It's not about you.
Not about me?!
I'm here!
I'm sitting right here!
You know what? You're right.
You are a fucking coward.
Lloyd!
Look. I can drive. you know?
No. I'm good.
Here. I have something
for you.
To keep you awake.
just in case. Here.
Not much longer now.
You're gonna take that money.
and you're gonna pay off
your debts for the van
or whatever...
...then you'll see the good.
You'll see the good
that I did for you.
Lloyd?
Hey!
Hey. hey!
What the fuck are you doing?!
Don't move
or I'll fucking shoot!
Don't! Don't!
Aah!
- Shit! I'm sorry!
- Aah!
Fuck! I didn't mean--
- Hassan! I'm sorry!
I didn't mean to--
Give me the gun! Give me...
Aah!
Stop!
Aah! Fuck!
Where is it?
Aah!
I'm sorry...
Hassan!
Stop! Aah!
No.
Listen.
I studied medicine and I know.
you took maybe 1.200 milligrams
of Modafinil.
or equal
strength amphetamine.
If you don't get
to a hospital.
your blood pressure will spike.
and you'll probably die
of heart attack or stroke.
If I leave you here.
you will die.
I need you to promise me.
if I take you to them.
you will tell them the truth.
- Okay. okay. just help me.
- No. no. no.
Promise me you will
tell them everything.
You will tell them
I had nothing to do with this.
Say "I promise!"
No. no!
Fuck! I promise. I promise.
Now. take off that vest.
No. no. you can't touch it.
I don't know how to disarm it.
All right. come on.
Come on.
Easy.
We're almost in Illinois.
And we can both get
some help in the first town.
Shit.
I'm sorry about your hand.
I didn't mean to shoot.
I'm never gonna
see my mom again. am I?
I should be there with her.
I should have
gone home a week ago.
I should be there with her.
This is not what
was supposed to happen.
Everything's wrong.
I'm-- I'm not what
you think I am. Hassan.
I'm not a bad person.
I promise.
Shut up.
Stop talking.
Okay.
when we get there. you get out
with your hands raised
and you tell them
not to shoot. right?
Then. you tell them to bring
somebody to disarm the bomb.
And you show it to them.
okay?
I can't.
I can't. I can't.
I can't go through
with the trial. I can't.
The media. they're going to make
me out to be a fucking psycho.
- You promised!
- No. I-- I can't.
I can't! Turn around!
Hassan. please!
Fuck.
I'll do it.
Hassan. I'll do it. I have
nothing to fucking live for.
But I do!
Okay.
Okay. Okay.
Driver!
Step out of the vehicle!
Show us your hands!
Put your hands up!
Step away from the vehicle!
Turn around!
On your knees now!
Hands! Hands!
Show me your hands!
I did it.
- What?
- I did it. It was me.
It was...
It was all me.
I did everything.
Bomb!
Get back! Bomb!
Al-Alousi?
You have reached the
Evergreen Health Center.
If you know your party's
extension.
please enter it now.
Hello?
Oh. hello.
Uh. is this. um...
well. I'm...
I'm hoping to
reach Lloyd's mother.
You mean Miss Bennett?
I'm sorry.
she passed away yesterday.
Is there anything
I can help with?
Sir?
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm